total  judge strength of supreme court till the date?
{


What is the current strength of judges in the Supreme Court?
How many judges are there in Supreme Court as of now?
What is the total number of judge positions in the Supreme Court?
How many judge positions are there currently for the Supreme Court?
What is the total  judge count for the Supreme Court up to this date?
How many judges are there officially in Supreme Court as of today?
What is the Supreme Court's total judge strength as of now?
What is the total number of judges for the Supreme Court to date?
As of today, what is the strength of judges in the Supreme Court?
What is the Supreme Court's total number of judges as of now?
How many judge positions does the Supreme Court have currently?
What is the total judge strength for the Supreme Court at present?
What is the  strength of judges in the Supreme Court till now?
How many judges are there in total for the Supreme Court up to this date?
What is the full strength of judges in the Supreme Court?
How many judge positions are there in the Supreme Court as of now?
What is the total number of Supreme Court judge positions  to date?
How many judges are there in the Supreme Court as of this date?
}





show me list of all supreme court judges.


{

Can you provide the list of all judges of the Supreme Court?
Show me the complete list of judges in the Supreme Court.
Please display the list of all judges for the Supreme Court.
What is the list of all  judges in the Supreme Court?
Could you show me the list of every Supreme Court  judge?
Provide me with the list of all judges  in the Supreme Court.
Can I see the full list of  judges of the Supreme Court?
List all the judges who are  for the Supreme Court.
Show the list of all Supreme Court judges who are .
Please show me the complete list of  Supreme Court judges.
Could you give me the list of all  judges of the Supreme Court?
Show the list of every  judge in the Supreme Court.
Can you list all the Supreme Court judges who are ?
What is the full list of all  judges in the Supreme Court?
Please provide the list of every Supreme Court  judge.
Can you show the list of all the judges  in the Supreme Court?
Display the list of all  judges in the Supreme Court.
Could you list every  judge in the Supreme Court?
Can I get the list of all  Supreme Court judges?
Please show me the list of all  Supreme Court judges.
}








I want to know about Puneet Dhankar as judge of supreme court?



{

Can you tell me about Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge?
I’d like to know more about Puneet Dhankar in his role as a Supreme Court judge.
Please provide information about Puneet Dhankar as a judge of the Supreme Court.
What can you tell me about Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge?
Tell me about Puneet Dhankar position as a judge in the Supreme Court.
Can I get details about Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge?
I want to learn more about Puneet Dhankar as a judge of the Supreme Court.
What information do you have on Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge?
Please tell me about Puneet Dhankar in the context of being a Supreme Court judge.
I want to find out about Puneet Dhankar as a judge in the Supreme Court.
Can you provide details about Puneet Dhankar role as a Supreme Court judge?
I’m looking for information on Puneet Dhankar as a judge of the Supreme Court.
What details do you have on Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge?
Tell me what you know about Puneet Dhankar as a judge in the Supreme Court.
Could you inform me about Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge?
I’m interested in learning about Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge.
Please give me information about Puneet Dhankar role in the Supreme Court as a judge.
What can you share about Puneet Dhankar as a judge in the Supreme Court?
I need to know more about Puneet Dhankar as a Supreme Court judge.
Tell me more about Puneet Dhankar position as a judge of the Supreme Court.

}